---
title: "2.8.0 changelog"
date: 2025-03-30T00:00:00+00:00
draft: false
---

Fixes & Improvements:
- History: CSV export: it is now possible to select a date range and to specify if only incoming, outgoing, or miner transactions should be exported.
- History: CSV export: fixed an issue that could cause the "balanceDelta" field to show an unrealistic value.
<br><br>
- Send: the address-book functionality was moved from the Send tab to a new 'Contacts' tab.
- Send: added a placeholder text to the 'Pay To' field to inform users that pasting a QR code, OpenAlias, or payment URI is possible.
- Send: fixed an issue where a transaction description set in the advanced transaction dialog would not get saved.
- Send: fixed an issue where scanning a payment URI using the QR scanner would dump the full payment URI in the address field.
<br><br>
- Receive: it is now possible to enter a fiat amount in payment request dialog. The fiat amount is automatically converted to the approximate XMR amount.
- Receive: an address is now considered 'used' as soon as it receives an output in the transaction pool.
- Receive: if no unused addresses are available, a new address will automatically be generated.
- Receive: fixed an issue that could cause pinned subaddresses to not appear at the top of the list
- Receive: fixed an issue that would clear the subaddress selection when the wallet scans a new block.
<br><br>
- Coins: improved performance when freezing/thawing a large number of outputs.
- Added a 'Notes' tab for adding arbitrary notes. The notes are stored in the wallet cache.
- Mining: the Mining plugin is deprecated and will be removed in an upcoming version.
<br><br>
- Settings: added an option to hide the window to the system tray when minimized.
- Settings: added an option to hide the system tray icon.
<br><br>
- Account switcher: fixed an issue where opening the account switcher would cause the wallet to switch to the primary account on some platforms.
- Address checker: will now show a warning if the address contains keys that are not in the main subgroup.
- Status bar: clicking on the balance will now show the fiat value of the {unconfirmed, spendable, total} balance in the preferred fiat currency.
- Docs: the dialog will no longer close when pressing enter.
<br><br>
- Wizard: automatically add a space at the end when auto-completing words in mnemonic seeds.
- Wizard: when restoring a non-deterministic wallet from keys, a more helpful error message is now shown if the primary address does not correspond to the private keys.
- Wizard: when attempting to restore a 25-word seed, an error message is shown if the checksum word is invalid.
<br><br>
- Ledger: show the reconnect dialog if the device was locked during synchronization.
<br><br>
- Misc: (approximate) restore dates are now always shown next to restore heights.
- Misc: performance and memory usage optimizations
- Misc: minor user interface tweaks
- Misc: Feather will no longer attempt to restart itself in the event of a crash, which could cause crash loops if the crash happened before any UI was shown.
<br><br>
- Build: Windows and macOS release binaries are now code-signed.
- Build: Feather now has native Wayland support.
- Build: Linux and Windows targets are now built with GCC 13.3.0 (was 12.4.0)
- Build: macOS targets are now built with LLVM 18 (was 10)
- Build: support for the 32-bit Linux target was removed.
<br><br>
- Flatpak: will now default to Wayland if available.
- Tails: creating a desktop entry will now persist if dotfiles persistence is enabled.
- macOS: the minimum supported macOS version is now 11.0
- Removed the Prestium integration.
<br><br>
- Monero was updated to version v0.18.4.0
- Qt was updated to version v6.8.3 (was v6.7.3)
- Tor was updated to version 0.4.8.14
